---
title: My first post
date: 2012-12-12 12:12
author: John Hjort <foo@bar.com>
template: about.jade
----

<p>The <strong>Euromaidan</strong> is a wave of demonstrations and civil unrest in Ukraine, which began on the night of 21 November 2013 with very large public protests demanding closer European integration. The scope of the protests has since evolved, with many calls for the resignation of President Yanukovych and his government. Protesters also have stated they joined because of the dispersal of protesters on 30 November and "a will to change life in Ukraine".</p>
<p>The demonstrations began on the night of 21 November 2013, when spontaneous protests erupted in the capital of Kiev after the Ukrainian government suspended preparations for signing an Association Agreement and Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Agreement with the European Union. After a few days of demonstrations an increasing number of university students joined the protests.</p>
<p>The protests are ongoing despite a heavy police presence, regular sub-zero temperatures, and snow. Escalating violence in the early morning of 30 November from government forces has caused the level of protests to rise, with 400,000–800,000 protesters demonstrating in Kiev on the weekends of 1 December and 8 December. On Sunday 22 December this number had dropped to 100,000. In a poll taken on 7 and 8 December, 73% of protesters had committed to continue protesting in Kiev as long as needed until their demands are fulfilled. In a poll taken late December 2013 50% of Ukrainians stated they didn't support Euromaidan, while 45% did support it. The biggest support for the protest can be found in Kiev (about 75%) and western Ukraine (more than 80%).</p>
<p>The project we are working on is a web app where people share feedback about the area they are in, and their feelings and emotions in current place and time. We have one layer to confirm the questionable size of a crowd, but also it lets the people contribute to the euromaidan movement even if they have to work or need to stay home. Another layer represents the feelings and emotions of the people, and also allows people to organize themselves, and to provide a targeted support.</p>
